1.      Write down the short note on read(), write(), creat(), open() and close()

Ans.    i)      read()  :   It attempts to read specified number of bytes from passed file descriptor into the passed buffer.
                            It returns the numbers of bytes which it actually reads or -1 if there is any error.
                            Example:    read(fd, buf, max_size);
                            Here fd is the file descriptor of type int, buf is the buffer, and max_size is the maximum required length.

        ii)     write() :   It writes specified number of bytes from the buffer to the file/socket associated to the passed file descriptor.
                            It returns the number of bytes successfully written or -1 in case of any error.
                            Example:     read(fd, buf, size);
                            Here fd is the file descriptor of type int, buf is the buffer, and size is the number of bytes to be written.
        
        iii)    creat() :   It creates a new empty file with specified permissions.
                            It returns the first unused file descriptor on success or -1 in case of any error.
                            Example:    creat("newfile.txt", mode);
                            Here the first parameter is the name of new file and mode indicates its permissions.

        iv)     open()  :   It is used to open a file for reading, writing or both.
                            It returns the file descriptor used on success or -1 in case of any error.
                            Example:    int f = open("file.txt", O_RDWR | O_EXCL);
                            Here the first parameter is the name of the file and the second parameter(s) are 
                            the flags combined using bitwise-or(|) operator.

        v)      close() :   It closes the file pointed by the passed file descriptor.
                            It returns 0 on success or -1 in case of any error.
                            Example:    close(fd);
                            Here fd is the file descriptor whose file is to be closed.
                        